[prometheus.operator.probes] Add namespace label with the namespace of the probe object (#1186)
grafana/alloy: CHANGELOG.md

- Added a success rate panel on the Prometheus Components dashboard. (@thampiotr)
- Add namespace field to Faro payload (@cedricziel)

> - Add namespace label with the namespace of the probe object in the static config to align with prometheus setup. (@toontijtgat2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Added a `namespace` label to probes scraped by the `prometheus.operator.probes` component to align with the upstream Prometheus Operator setup. (@toontijtgat2)
```
